ABOUT OBSIDIAN

The Obsidian theme, like the naturally occurring volcanic glass of the same name,
possesses an inherent allure that's stylish in appearance and pratical in purpose.
with distinctive background options and various customization possibilities,
Obsidian makes it easy to create the ultimate hub for your online identity.

HOME
-----------------
UPCOMING GIGS

Nashville, TN	The Bluebird Cafe
Seattle, WA	Tractor Tavern
Alexandria, VA	The Birchmere
Washington, DC	The Hamilton
Chipping Ongar, Essex	Zinc Arts Centre



BIO
-----------------

“lt's akin to the ancient art of Bonsai,” explains Bonn O'Brien between sips of house blend at a

Brooklyn coffee shop. '‘It takes patience. It takes an eye for detail. It's reverence, respect, and a
steady hand all rolled into one. It's the only way to take care ofa proper beard. We take the
same approach to our music.“

Three years ago, the O'Brien—|ead The Dapper Beards burst into the countrys collective
consciousness like a Salvador Dali ‘stache thanks to their now—iconic appearance on the cover
ofthe trendy periodical "Garden and Gun.” "The Beards Are Here, And They Will Save Folk
Music” read the headline. The striking image ofthe four bandmates in repose, silhouetted by a
SoHo sunset was an immediate viral sensation.

"We sued,” says O'Brien with a twist of his mustache, "that's how it went viral. I don't think
anyone had seen a bold move like that- a band, suing to protect their image after signing off on
the cover. We owe a big thanks to The Smoking Gun for making that happen. We had approved
the cover, but we hadn't approved of the people who were going to be reading the magazine.
Turns out they didn't approach that story with the kind of reverence with which we treat our
beards- the same approach we take to our music- and we didn't appreciate that."

And the Folk pigeonhole? O'Brien didn't take kindly to that, either.

"They never took the time to ask for the spelling. It may sound like the word that is commonly
used to describe some kinds of roots music, but it wasn't the word that we were using. It's not
even the music we're doing. Folk- and that's the only time I'm going to use that word- is so
over. We're Fauxlk. Pronounced the same way as Folk- which, really, is the last time I'm going to
use that word- but it's spelled F—a-u—x-l—k. lfyou're not going to ask us about our music, which
we take great care in- similar to the way in which we care for our beards- how can we expect
you to represent our movement in its proper context to your readers?"

The ever—serious O'Brien and his band cared not for the lucky break— a musical outfit landing a
cover on one ofAmerica's more respected musical magazines before ever releasing an album
or staging a public performance- ifthat break wasn't going to come on their own terms.

“We take great care in our music, which is also the way we— right, you said it— and we'll be
damned ifwe're going to let some media machine run roughshod over us."

With the lawsuit now fully behind them (it was thrown out ofthe only court that would hear the
groundbreaking piece of litigation— a television courtroom show that is, as its producers kindly
reminded us, indeed legally binding within thejudicial system), The Dapper Beards are now
looking towards the future.

“We're the foremost representatives of Fauxlk music... the face and beards ofthe movement, if
you will. We take that responsibility very seriously, which is the same way in, well, yeah. So,
yeah, we're serious"

And when will the world get to experience this movement firsthand?

"Soon," says O'Brien. "We're thinking about writing our first song, and maybe even playing it at
an open mic really soon. But it's not going to be one ofthose slapped—together open mic's,
mind you. It's going to be a really serious one."




NEWS
----------------------------


Welcome to our redesigned website

BY BRODY VERCHER ON APRIL 1, 2015

Props to AudioTheme for providing the killer Obsidian WordPress theme. Feel free to poke
around, stream our music, and sign up for our newsletter. We have some exciting news coming
down the pipeline soon. See you down the road.

New tour dates posted

BY BRODY VERCHER ON DECEMBER 16, 2014

Wejust announced a handful of new tour dates in support of our latest album. Check 'em out
here. See you down the road.

History of Popular Music

BY BRODY VERCHER ON DECEMBER 15, 2014

‘The most significant feature of the emergent popular music industry of the late 18th and early
19th centuries was the extent of its focus on the commodity form of sheet music" The availability
of inexpensive, widely available sheet music versions of popular songs and instrumental music
pieces made it possible for music to be disseminated to a wide audience of amateur music-
makers, who could play and sing popular music at home. In addition to the influence of sheet
music, another factor was the increasing availability during the late 18th and early 19th century
of public popular music performances in “pleasure gardens and dance halls, popular theatres
and concert rooms”. The early popular music performers worked hand—in-hand with the sheet
music industry to promote popular sheet music. One of the early popular music performers to
attain widespread popularity was a Swedish opera singerjenny Lind, who toured the US in the
mid—19th century. During the 19th century, more people began getting involved in music by
participating in amateur choirs orjoining brass bands.

Source: Wikipedia

Thanks for all your support, we couldn't do this
without you

BY BRODY VERCHER ON DECEMBER 14, 2014

We just want to say thanks for all the love. This has been our biggest and best release to date
and we could not have done it without all of our supporters. Thanks again for allowing us to do
what we do. <3

In Every Work of Genius We Recognize Our Own
Rejected Thoughts

BY BRODY VERCHER ON DECEMBER 12, 2014

I read the other day some verses written by an eminent painter which were original and not
conventional. The soul always hears an admonition in such lines, let the subject be what it may.
The sentiment they instil is of more value than any thought they may contain. To believe your
own thought, to believe that what is true for you in your private heart is true for all men,—that is
genius. Speak your latent conviction, and it shall be the universal sense; for the inmost in due
time becomes the outmost, and our first thought is rendered back to us by the trumpets of the
Lastjudgment. Familiar as the voice of the mind is to each, the highest merit we ascribe to
Moses, Plato and Milton is that they set at naught books and traditions, and spoke not what
men, but what they thought. A man should learn to detect and watch that gleam of light which
flashes across his mind from within, more than the lustre ofthe firmament of bards and sages.
Yet he dismisses without notice his thought, because it is his. In every work of genius we
recognize our own rejected thoughts; they come back to us with a certain alienated majesty.
Great works of art have no more affecting lesson for us than this. They teach us to abide by our
spontaneous impression with good- humored inflexibility then most when the whole cry of
voices is on the other side. Else to-morrow a stranger will say with masterly good sense precisely
what we have thought and felt all the time, and we shall be forced to take with shame our own
opinion from another.

Morning Star Now Available!

BY BRODY VERCHER ON DECEMBER 9, 2014


The brand new album from Aeolus is officially available.’ Already receiving critical praise, Morning
Star is the band's third album and can be purchased in a fine retailer near you or online at all
major digital outlets. Check it out Morning Star here.


